Instructions on how to acquire the data can be found within the project report. 
They can also be found below:

The data was primarily acquired from two sources: a Kaggle dataset entitled “Predict students’ dropout and academic success” (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/thedevastator/higher-education-predictors-of-student-retention?datasetId=2780494&searchQuery=cleaning) which I will henceforth refer to as the “Student Data”, and 2019 life expectancy data extracted using the World Bank Gender Data Portal API (which I will refer to as the “World Bank Data”). 

The main data is actually derived from a dataset created by Realinho et al (2022) for their paper entitled Predicting Student Dropout and Academic Success (Realinho et al). This paper is where I was able to find all the background information about the dataset for the purposes of understanding it, and using it to perform data analysis. The dataset was developed at the Polytechnic Institute of Portalegre and was used to build machine learning models to predict academic performance. The data in the dataset was derived from several sources of academic (student), socioeconomic, and macroeconomic data in Portugal (Realinho et al can be consulted for more detail into the sources). It refers to student records enrolled between the academic years of 2008 to 2019. 
Almost all the categorical variables in the dataset are numerically encoded (the numeric encoding values are found at https://www.mdpi.com/2306-5729/7/11/146). In order to simplify data exploration and analysis, as well as enhance readability, we have decided to replace the numeric encoding with the real values.
The main data does not have a reference to the year from which an observation was extracted, so it is very difficult to figure out what year of life expectancy data to associate with which record. In order to simplify the process (even though it may be at the expense of accuracy), 2019 life expectancy figures were used for every observation respective to their nationality.

Within the World Bank API, every country is assigned a three letter ISO code which allows us to concatenate the appropriate URL for each country so that we can extract the life expectancy data for 2019. For any given country, the API link for the average life expectancy in 2019 is as follows: "http://api.worldbank.org/v2/country/[ISO COUNTRY CODE]/indicator/SP.DYN.LE00.IN?date=2019", where [ISO COUNTRY CODE] is a standardized code system followed worldwide.
The main data exhibits that the student demographic within the data was no more than 21 nationalities. Looking at these 21 values, we can find the ISO code for each one of the countries, and iterate through them all, extracting the appropriate figures and storing them in a dataframe.
After this process of data extraction, the main data and the world bank data were then merged through a left join on the nationalities, so that each observation in the final dataframe had a 2019 life expectancy value associated with it based on the student’s nationality.